[Service Bus] Generic types for `Response`s for a cleaner API surface (#10491)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

  - "label" renamed to "subject"
- `SqlRuleFilter` interface "sqlExpression" changed from optional to required
- `ServiceBusSender.scheduleMessages` method signature updated: `scheduledEnqueueTimeUtc` and `messages` parameters are swapped.

> - Interfaces corresponding to the returned responses from the methods under the `ServiceBusAdministrationClient` such as `NamespacePropertiesResponse`, `QueueResponse`, `TopicRuntimePropertiesResponse` have been removed in favour of using generic type `WithResponse<T>`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Interfaces corresponding to the returned responses from the methods under the `ServiceBusAdministrationClient` such as `NamespacePropertiesResponse`, `QueueResponse`, `TopicRuntimePropertiesResponse` have been removed in favor of using generic type `WithResponse<T>` for a cleaner API surface.
```
